Ensure compressor=None results in no compression for V2 (#2709)
zarr-developers/zarr-python: docs/release-notes.rst

* Fixes a bug that prevented reading Zarr format 2 data with consolidated metadata written using ``zarr-python`` version 2 (:issue:`2694`).

> * Ensure that compressor=None results in no compression in v2 (:issue:`2708`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that compressor=None results in no compression when writing Zarr format 2 data (:issue:`2708`)
```
